Update qpu-information.mdx (#2054)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/qpu-information.mdx

*   **Name** - The unique name assigned to a specific QPU. QPUs hosted on IBM Cloud® have names that begin with `ibmq_*` (older QPUs) or `ibm_*` (newer QPUs). All QPUs are given a city name, e.g., `ibmq_johannesburg`. This name does not indicate where the actual QPU is hosted. They are named after IBM&reg; locations around the world.
*   **Qubits** - The number of qubits in a QPU. For physical QPUs, this is the number of physical qubits in the device. For simulators, this number need not be uniquely defined, and instead can depend on the simulation method and/or the amount of memory available.

> *   **2Q error (best)** - The lowest 2Q error on any edge fo the device as measured from isolated 2Q randomized benchmarking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **2Q error (best)** - The lowest two-qubit (2Q) error on any edge of the device as measured from isolated 2Q randomized benchmarking.
```
